DANA: Kevin!
KEVIN: Dana?
Dana?
Daa-na?
(low mysterious music)
What the fuck? What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck was that? Dana?
What the fuck was that?
(thud)
Dana. Dana. Dana!
(screams)
Hey, it's me.
It's me. It's me.
It's Kevin. Dana! It's me.
Dana, it's me.
It's me.
(panting)
Dana, this-- uh...
I don't even know this.
This is-- this is terrifying.
How did all this happen to you
just now?
How long was I gone?
Like, less than a minute.
Not even. Seconds.
It felt like I was gone
for an hour at least.
The first time
I think this happened,
it was only a few minutes,
and then the next time,
it was a little bit longer.
It's getting worse, Kevin.
I have to do something.
Do what?
Shouldn't we be trying
to get out of here?
What if it's this house?
Dana?
DANA: I need new clothes.
If it happens again, I can't
be in a fucking bathrobe.
Are you sure you
don't want to call your aunt?
DANA: She already thinks
I'm crazy.
KEVIN: But she's the only one
who can tell you
about your mother
or any of this stuff, right?
(doorbell rings)
Who the fuck is that?
I don't know, but I think
you need to get that.
Look at me.
(doorbell rings again)
KEVIN: I'm coming.
NEIGHBOR: Hello again.
I'm sorry to bother you,
but have you seen a... cat?
Uh, a cat?
No. Sorry.
Well, do you think
maybe your friend has seen
her?
KEVIN: Dana?
I, I don't know.
Would you mind
if I asked her myself?
You know,
Dana's actually asleep.
Asleep?
KEVIN: You know, we both were.
It's actually been a really
long day of being here,
that sort of thing.
NEIGHBOR: Yes.
(phone buzzes)
Yes?
-DANA: Niecy.
-What do you need?
Can I ask you a question?
It's about my mother.
-What about her?
-You said you live in the
area.
Around the corner
on Coronado.
Okay. Yeah,
I've never seen you before.
You know everyone around here?
How do
you two know each other?
We went to college together.
When you said she wasn't well,
what did you mean by that?
Oh-kay.
-Why are you asking me this?
-DANA: What did you mean
by that?
What exactly was
wrong with her?
Are you worried
about something?
Please answer me.
Your mother...
she could be depressive.
She had fits of mania
and near the end of her life,
she claimed to see things
that weren't there.
See what things?
Dana, I don't like
these questions.
Where are you getting
all this from?
What happened when they died?
When my mother and father
died?
Who was driving?
Was she driving?
-Yes.
-Was her body ever recovered?
Uh...
No.
Do you think Dana would mind
if I checked the backyard?
The former occupant
had a tendency
to feed Princess
behind our backs and--
Sure.
Have a good night.
(door latch clicks)
KEVIN: (harsh whisper) Dana.
Dana!
NIECY: It was assumed
she tried to swim away
from the vehicle.
Dana?
-KEVIN: Dana!
-Look. Who is that?
I gotta go.
I'll call you tomorrow.
-Bye.
-Dana? Hell--?
-KEVIN: Dana?
-In here.
Oh, my God.
What are-- what are you doing?
I just got off the phone
with aunt.
My mother's body
was never found
-which means she's still
alive. -What?
My parents. My parents.
She died, or they died,
in a car crash.
No one ever knew what
happened. But now I'm
realizing
that she must
have been driving.
She must've
got pulled back in time,
and lost control of the car
or I don't know.
Who was that at the door?
Um, your neighbor again
with some bullshit about a
cat.
The fucking cat.
-You saw her cats?
-Yeah. Earlier.
The cat,
it came to the back door,
and I-- I picked it up.
I held it and that's
when I got pulled back.
And he left my arms.
He's still there.
You find her?
No, but something very bad
is going on next door.
-What?
-That guy answered the door
again.
And this time
he was covered in blood.
I mean, he wasn't covered
in blood, but there was blood
on his neck.
Then I asked
where she was.
He told me that
she was asleep.
And so then I asked him
about Princess Di,
and he told me
that he hadn't seen her.
And then I overheard them
talking and she wasn't asleep.
Wait, wait, wait, slow down.
You overheard--
Carlo, please stop
interrupting me.
I'm trying to finish
telling you.
I overheard them talking.
She was not asleep.
And then...
I heard her mention something
about a cat.
-What'd she say?
-Here it is.
I don't know.
(sighs) So what do you want to
do?
I want to know if anyone else
has seen anything.
But what if it's the house,
Dana?
And I'm not saying that
I'm someone
who believes in things
like that,
but I'm--
I'm just getting freaked out.
It's not the house, Kevin,
it's me. Me.
It's going to happen
no matter where I am.
My mother,
she was driving, and she--
I know what you think
is happening.
You can go
but I have to stay.
I have to go back.
What's happening?
I can't leave you alone
like this.
And the people next door,
they know my name.
They know where I live.
Dana, please.
If something happens to you,
I'm in trouble.
Please.
Dana, please come with me.
-Kevin.
-If something happens,
it happens.
But we got to get out
of this house.
Please. We got to get
off this block.
What's--
What's happening?
DANA: It's happening again.
Kevin.
-Oh, no, no, no.
-(screams)
-Dana.
-(Dana screams)
Let me go.
This is it.
Rufus, I'm coming.
(vomiting)
(gasps)
DANA: Kevin!
-What's your name?
-Nigel.
Nigel, you need to run
and go get help.
I wasn't supposed to let him
climb no trees.
They're going to kill me
if he's dead.
This man,
he's going to go with you,
okay?
He's going to tell them
that it wasn't your fault,
but you have to go right now.
This is it. This is him.
We have to save him.
What am I supposed to say?
Just tell them
that, um, we're travelers.
And we came upon them.
(boy moans)
Hey, Rufus. Hey, Rufus. Hey.
Stay awake.
Stay with me.
KEVIN: Hey!
Where's Master Rufus?
Master Ruf
fell out the tree, sir,
and his legs
were all sideways.
And he wouldn't get up.
Then this woman,
dressed like a man,
came out of the woods,
and they sent me here, sir.
And they said for me
to come and get help.
Go and call on Dr. West,
quickly.
Forgive me, sir,
but I must ask who you are.
We are travelers.
We came upon them.
Traveling.
Wait here.
I'll bring my wagon.
Sir Rufus, stay awake.
Hey, stay with me.
-Stay with me.
-(Rufus groaning)
-(stomping)
-You're gonna be okay.
-He alive?
-Yeah.
Yeah, I got it.
(Rufus moans)
How did you know how
to make a splint?
TV.
-I'm freaking out.
-Don't.
Stay calm.
Pretend it's like a game.
Can you do that?
Yes.
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
-I'm right here.
-Cold.
I'm right here with you.
(Rufus groaning)
If I lose even one blossom
to this grass
before my party
it's the end
of all three of you.
These come
all the way from France.
Who is that?
(gasps) No! Rufus!
-Oh, my Rufus.
-Come over and let me bring
Master Rufus inside.
-His leg is broke.
-Open this!
What happened to my baby?
It's okay. Mama's here.
So why don't you shut up
with all that noise?
What's wrong with you?
Young Master Rufus fell out of
a tree. Broke his leg.
Where's Nigel?
I called him away to carry
some wood for me
in preparation for the storm.
Master Rufus was alone.
It was my mistake.
You bet it is.
But I sent him ahead
to summon Dr. West
-before the roads get too
rough. -Go!
Dr. West?
Can you talk to me?
Carry this demon
up to his bedroom
and out of my sight.
Can I believe this?
Oh, get him.
Careful! Careful!
-You beast.
-Shut up, Margaret.
Watch his head.
-How do we go back?
-WOMAN: It's okay, baby.
I don't know.
Who are you?
We're travelers.
We were traveling
when we found him in the
woods, passing through.
What is the costume?
We were robbed.
CHARLES: Thomas.
Charles, I'm so sorry.
-Forgive this intrusion.
-Oh, no, no.
Forgive me for intruding.
Clearly, you have
a family emergency
that needs tending to.
Allow me to take my leave.
Charles, no.
You must stay.
We were just
getting down to business,
and Sarah
has prepared us a feast.
Tom, your son needs attention.
At least come back
for our party tomorrow.
CHARLES: We'll see.
Yeah.
Damnit!
Why don't you come
on inside and get warm, hmm?
It's the least I can do.
-Sumana?
-Yes, sir.
Get this man some warm clothes
and pair of decent shoes.
-Yes, sir.
-You, take her to the
cookhouse,
bring him something
warm to eat.
You can come with me, sir.
Luke!
What the fuck?
What are we doing?
Just play along.
We have to act like it's real
until we get to my mom.
I just need someone
to tell me how to get to her.
Just go inside.
I'll catch up with you
in a minute.
What if he starts asking
me questions?
-What do I say?
-Just make something up.
It doesn't matter.
We can do this.
WOMAN: Sir, you ready?
I'm Dana by the way.
What's your name?
Do you know Olivia?
Do you know where she lives?
You're going to have to wait.
I'm in the middle of serving,
and I still got to finish
Master Tom's whole supper.
In fact,
go check on that pie.
I'm actually
looking for Olivia.
Go on.
Take a seat.
You know, I can--
I can take it from here.
See?
TOM: Never call a doctor
without consulting me first.
And especially not
this godforsaken crook Dr.
West.
I mean, how do you expect me
to pay for all this?
MAN: He's amenable to
bartering for his services.
His services?
There was a man
who tends to my horses.
He might take you.
Well, I suggest you go
figure out what that trade is,
or else you'll be working
that debt off on Sundays.
Is my dresser
failing in her assistance?
No, I, um--
I'm just used
to undressing myself.
Sumana,
you are dismissed.
Yes, Master Tom.
This will warm you up.
Thank you.
Please.
(clears throat)
(sighs)
So tell me more about
this robbery that took place.
There were three of them
and they circled us.
One of them had a gun,
and, uh, the other two had
a...
-Knives?
-Yes.
And the one with the gun,
he was big.
And he came up on us
and pointed that gun
in my face
and said,
"Hand over the bags."
So I did.
And the horse.
And your shoes?
Yes, and my shoes
and my coat.
It was very scary.
Now, that's unfortunate.
-Where were you headed?
-South.
-My uncle recently passed
away.
-Hmm. I'm sorry to hear that.
-Thank you.
Me and Dana,
we were on our way to--
Dana?
That's your slave's name?
-Mr. Franklin?
-Yes.
The way she talks
is quite strange.
From whence was she procured?
North in New York.
New York.
Is that how all the niggers
talk in New York?
They? I don't know.
Um... That's how she talks.
And she's the only slave
I've ever had, so.
I see.
So you are new
to the arrangement them?
Yeah, relatively.
Do you happen
to know where she is, Dana?
Well, I'm sure
she'd be around soon enough.
Now, I don't mean to pry
into your affairs, Mr.
Franklin,
but as someone
with experience in the matter,
my advice would be
unless the amusements
that girl provides
are singular,
you might do best to trade her
in for a more docile variety.
She's probably what got
you robbed in the first place.
Look, a slave like that
is wont to prioritize
their own safety
over that of their master.
I-- I have to use a bathroom.
You wish to take
a bath?
No, I--
I need to relieve myself.
I understand.
Of course.
Our privy is out that way.
-Thank you.
-Mmm.
-Take your overcoat.
-Yeah.
Oh, yes. Yes.
WOMAN: That's not for you.
Get.
It is you, isn't it?
Wasn't sure at first.
-Is that you know who?
-Who?
The devil,
the man you came with?
No, he's just a man.
A-- He's a friend.
I need to get to Olivia
immediately.
I don't think
that's gonna happen tonight.
Trying to get there and back
without getting stuck?
I can't risk losing
an animal in this cold.
But it's important.
Something happened between
y'all on the patrol, didn't
it?
The man ain't been seen ever
since and Olivia won't say.
How long has it been
since we last saw each other?
It must be about
three or four months now.
-Why?
-Dana?
Can I have a word?
Excuse me.
Kevin, what's going on?
They think-- they think
you're my slave.
Yeah. That's not surprising.
-What are we gonna do?
-Just keep a low profile.
With the weather, there's no
way we're gonna get to my
mom's, so.
Dana,
we cannot stay here.
-We have to go back.
-I know,
but I don't
have control over it.
I don't even know if there's
a way to have control over it.
And every time I come here,
I stay a little bit longer.
So it's just something
we have to figure out.
Just stay close to me.
Tell them that we can't
be separated and then...
-we can go.
-Master Franklin.
Your presence is requested
in the house.
TOM: Here he is.
Mr. Franklin meet Dr. West.
(choking cough)
Dr. West.
Uh, t is a pleasure.
(coughing)
I was informed
there was an able-bodied man
in the vicinity,
and I thought
it was just our luck,
because between
the young boy and his mother,
it's going
to be a three-man job.
TOM: Margaret is going
to be a handful.
Though, in her defense.
it is never pleasant,
in my experience,
for a mother
to see her child bled.
-Uh, bled?
-Yes.
We do not know how long the
child has been on the
elements.
We must bleed young Rufus
to rid the blood
of any fever
he incurred as a result.
I don't think
that's necessary.
I mean, he wasn't out there
for very long.
And who are you to tell me
what is necessary
or not necessary, negress?
Um, um...
My servant is actually the one
who found him and healed him.
She is, uh, actually
very skilled in healing.
She did prepare
a sort of splint for his leg.
One of these so-called
root women, I presume.
Well, I assure you, wench,
medicine is a far more
sophisticated art
than your primitive man
will ever comprehend.
Mr. Franklin,
do me the generosity
of keeping your slave quiet.
It's bad enough she has the
gall to look me in the eye.
Now you will
remove Mrs. Weylin.
You must block the door.
Luke and I will
set about resetting the leg.
Would you like
to wash your hands, sir?
No, no, no.
No time. (coughs)
Grab her.
Don't! Stop!
-Stay away, stay away.
-(screaming)
Dana! Dana!
TOM: Get her over there
so she'll shut up!
-Margaret. Calm down!
-No! No!
You're okay. It's okay,
it's okay, it's okay.
DR. WEST: Hold him down.
(sobbing)
CHARLES: Stop it now!
Stop it. Stop it.
My baby. My baby.
(screaming)
DR. WEST: I am sorry,
but please hold her down.
Hold her down.
Hold her there.
Murder! Murder! Murder!
-Look at me.
-RUFUS: Mommy.
DR. WEST:
Swallow, Mrs. Weylin.
Swallow.
DR. WEST: The longer you
squirm the longer it's gonna
take.
Here, Rufus. Hold my hand.
Hard as you can.
-(bone cracking)
-(Rufus screaming in pain)
(groaning)
(Rufus screaming)
DR. WEST: That's it, that's
it. Hold his arm.
Now, you over
there. Come here.
Hey, hold him still.
(Rufus screaming)
(Rufus screaming distantly)
You-- You have a lovely home.
(Rufus screaming)
There is supposed
to be a party.
What, tonight?
No, tomorrow.
It's ruined.
The Christmas feast.
Rufus and I were to do
a little dance together.
A minuet.
-It's Christmas Eve?
-MARGARET: Almost.
I know it's silly.
Who celebrates Christmas?
But I thought it would be
worth doing something cheerful
around here.
-(Margaret sighing)
-(Rufus screaming distantly)
The minister
will be so disappointed.
(Rufus screaming distantly)
(melodic piano music)
(piano music stops)
(screaming and crying stops)
Oh. He's fainted.
Good.
Go on.
(melodic piano music resumes)
TOM: I understand, Septimus,
but I simply don't have access
to any funds.
I was told the boy had
explained that when he called
on you.
DR WEST:
Well, he absolutely did not.
And I must point out that
this weather has made this
a truly dangerous call.
I ought to charge you double.
Perhaps you are
amenable to exchange.
Hmm?
I know you are
a man of science,
and I have a slave with the
most peculiar ailment of the
foot,
which might be
of benefit to your studies.
Say more.
Come.
RUFUS: Dana. Is it over?
DANA: Yeah. It's over.
How do you know my name?
I heard him calling you that.
Who?
That man you came with.
Is he here?
He is.
I saw him drag
me through that empty room,
dragging you to the door.
You were screaming.
Is he your master?
No. He's a friend.
- Was he hurting you?
- DANA: No.
-Oh.
-When did you see this, Rufus?
- How?
- In my head.
As I was falling.
Are you going to
leave me again?
No. No.
(Kevin playing "Fur Elise"
by Ludwig van Beethoven)
Now, now Sabina, you won't
be going very far. Only to
town.
And Dr. West here
will make sure
you're able to come visit
whenever is convenient.
-Isn't that right, Doctor?
-That's right.
Alright, now hurry along
before the roads become
impassable.
DR. WEST:
So long, Weylin.
♪♪♪
(music abruptly stops)
Oh, sorry.
I hope you don't mind.
No.
You seem quite proficient.
(chuckling)
Thank you.
That piano hasn't been
touched in over a decade.
You a musician?
Um, yeah--
Yes, that's right.
- A traveling musician.
- Hmm.
And your instruments?
Bandits.
(clears throat)
Well...
I want to thank you
for your assistance earlier.
I know that
wasn't a pleasant scene.
And I appreciate
your discretion.
Please join me for supper.
- RUFUS: You can read?
- Yes, I can.
Where you come
from, it's fine?
It is.
If daddy catches
a servant looking in a book,
even if they're
just looking at the pictures,
they get be-treed the same as
if you had stolen something.
Well, your daddy
doesn't tell me what to do.
(Dana chuckles)
- Will you read to me?
-Yeah.
"The author of these travels,
"Mr. Lemuel Gulliver,
is my ancient friend.
"There is likewise
some relation between us
-"by the mother's side--"
-MARGARET: What is this?
RUFUS: I asked her
to read to me, Momma.
Where she come from,
it's allowed.
Are you comfortable?
Does your leg hurt?
I feel all right, Momma.
Well, go on.
Uh... "About three years ago,
Mr. Gulliver,
"growing weary of the
concourse of curious people
coming to--"
MARGARET: Baby, are you hot?
Want me get Carrie
up here to fan you?
-I'm all right, Momma.
-MARGARET: Are you hungry,
baby?
'Cause Aunt Sarah
just made a cake.
Wouldn't you like a piece?
I don't want no cake, Momma.
MARGARET: Are you sure?
You ought to see the fine
white icing she put on it.
I want to hear Dana read.
That's all.
Well, why don't you go on?
You're supposed to read.
So read.
"Yet I have heard him say
his family came from--"
MARGARET: I don't know why
you like listening to her.
She's got a voice
like a fly buzzing.
I can't hear her
with you talking.
-MARGARET: All I said, baby--
-Don't say nothin', Momma.
Go away and stop bothering me.
- Rufus.
- Go!
(Margaret scoffing)
How can you treat me this way?
Just 'cause of some nigger.
I get so tired
of her sometimes.
Don't worry about it.
She'll be back after a while
to get me a piece of cake
with fine white icing.
Read Dana.
"Before he quitted Redriff,
"he left the custody
of the following papers in..."
Is, uh, Dana?
Yeah.
She's upstairs with the boy.
He seems to be
quite taken with her.
Yeah, she,
she is good with children.
Let's make sure
she's taken care of.
Bring Mr. Franklin's servant
a warm bowl of whatever mush
it is Sarah's serving.
I'll say, by my measure,
you're already better company
than the man this meal
was meant for.
Was that
the gentleman from earlier?
Charles Broadus.
What a pain in my ass.
Yeah.
He just happens to own
the 100-and-some acres
one lot over from here.
He's moving back to England,
and I need him to sell
to me before he goes
or else I'm going to have
issues with some of my
neighbors.
But this rogue
is an absolute enigma.
And I can't seem
to relate with such a...
an effeminate peahen of a man.
You a family man, Mr.
Franklin? Hmm?
Perhaps a wife
awaits you somewhere?
(chuckling)
No, not yet.
At your age?
Well, um, yeah, there were--
there was someone,
but she, uh, died.
Yes.
I'm familiar with
that special breed of hurt.
My first wife, Hannah.
She suffered from
Boulogne Fever,
which swept through here
some 15 years ago.
It also took her father,
some of my servants.
Yeah, it was very nasty.
Yeah, there's not
a day that passes
where she doesn't
come to mind.
Mm-hmm.
She was a very talented
musician like yourself.
That was her piano
you were playing earlier.
Her music, too.
Oh, I'm-- I'm sorry.
No, don't be.
Now, see here,
I am horrified
at the treatment
you received at the hands
of those bandits.
It's one thing to be fleeced
of one's belongings,
but to be robbed
of one's livelihood,
that's another thing
altogether.
Why don't you stay here
with us, hmm?
For another day or two.
I'll inquire as to whether
or not these thieves
might be tracked down
and your things recovered.
I can't imagine they've gotten
far with such a haul.
In the meantime, consider
yourself a guest in my home.
Thank you.
"We found ourselves
in the latitude of 38
"Two minutes south.
"12 of our crew were dead by
immoderate labor and ill food.
"The rest were
in a very weak condition."
-(door squeaks)
-Who wants cake?
You are dismissed.
KEVIN: So he's somehow
what's bringing you here?
Somehow he can see me
before I come back here.
He saw you in the kitchen.
You and me.
And I can...
I can kind of see him too,
like, I can feel him.
I can feel
what's happening to him.
So what's the plan here?
I mean, it's been hours, Dana,
we've been here for hours.
Are we really
supposed to stay here?
I don't know what else to do.
I can't control it.
There's gotta
be some sort of solution.
If anyone has it,
it's my mother.
She's the only person
that would know.
And-- and I...
We just have to stick it out
until we can get to her.
How have you
been holding up here?
I--I couldn't even tell you.
I had some luck
playing piano earlier.
That passed the time.
-That was you?
-KEVIN: Yeah.
It's how I used to
distract myself as a kid.
Aren't you hungry?
Mmm-mmm. Exhausted.
Hmm. It is 6:00 a.m. for us.
(knocking)
Good evening, Mr. Franklin.
Good evening.
I just wanted to come
and personally apologize
for my behavior earlier.
And thank you for the care
you took for me,
as well as my son.
You can imagine
how difficult it must be
to see your child in danger.
It was no problem.
Are you ready to retire?
I'd be happy to escort you
to your lodgings.
Uh... Oh, I'd
rather stay here.
Thank you.
I believe
it's what my master wants.
That's right.
I can sleep on the floor.
I understand, Mr. Franklin,
but, unfortunately,
we really must insist
on slaves sleeping
in their own quarters.
But don't worry,
we have very fine
-accommodations waiting for
her. -I really must insist.
If you require
her for anything,
simply ring the bell
at your bedside
and she should be able
to comply.
The room in which she sleeps
is merely the one above this
one.
(whispers) Stay up,
I'll come back as soon as I
can.
I assure you,
she'll be most comfortable.
This way, wench.
(Margaret clicking her tongue)
(door rattles shut,
lock clicks)
(tense music)
(light sobbing)
("Tomorrow Never Knows"
by Junior Parker)
♪ Turn off your mind ♪
♪ Relax, and float
down stream ♪
♪ It is not dying ♪
It is not dying
(camera clicks)
♪ Lay down all thoughts ♪
(Kevin sighing)
♪ Surrender to the void ♪
(sighs deeply)
♪ It is shining ♪
♪ Yet, you may see ♪
♪ The meaning of within ♪
♪ It is being ♪
♪ Love is all ♪
♪ And love is everyone ♪
♪ It is knowing ♪
♪ That ignorance and hate ♪
♪ Mourns the dead ♪
♪ It is believing ♪
♪ But listen to
the color of your dream ♪
♪ It is not leaving ♪
♪ So, play the game ♪
♪ Existing to the end ♪
♪ Of the beginning ♪
Captioned by LADB.